ACCEPTABLE USE AGREEMENT

The following terms comprise the Acceptable Use Policy and Data License
Agreement for this dataset (the “Public Agreement”) made available by the
Georgia Institute of Technology ("Georgia Tech").

LICENSE

Authorization to access the data grants You a limited, non-exclusive,
non-transferable, non-assignable, and terminable license to copy, modify, and
use the data in accordance with this Public Agreement. No license is granted for
any other purpose and there are no implied licenses in this Agreement. Nothing
in this License is intended to limit any rights You may have arising from fair
use or due to other limitations on Georgia Tech's and Georgia Tech Research
Corporation's exclusive rights under copyright law or other applicable laws.

Georgia Tech has the authority and reserves the right, in its sole discretion,
to discontinue further access and use to anyone who violates this AUA.

If You create a publication (including web pages, papers published by a third
party, and publicly available presentations) using data from this dataset, You
must cite the data as follows:

    Z. Chen, Z. Bischof, C. Testart, A. Dainotti, "AS to Organization Mapping",
    Internet Intelligence Lab at Georgia Tech, [dates used],
    https://github.com/InetIntel/Dataset-AS-to-Organization-Mapping 

You are also required to report your publication to the Internet Intelligence
Lab (inetintel@cc.gatech.edu) with a copy of (or a link to) the publication. We
use this information in reports to our funding agencies.

DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES

THE INTERNET INTELLIGENCE LAB AT GEORGIA TECH USES ITS BEST EFFORTS TO PROVIDE
DATA IN ACCORDANCE WITH ETHICAL PRINCIPLES AND SCIENTIFIC INTEGRITY. HOWEVER,
THE DATA PROVIDED HEREIN IS ON AN “AS IS” BASIS. NEITHER OUR LAB, ITS
RESEARCHERS, RESEARCH PARTNERS, LICENSORS, AND DATA PROVIDERS, NOR GEORGIA TECH
AND THE GEORGIA TECH RESEARCH CORPORATION AND ITS TRUSTEES, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES,
AND AGENTS MAKE ANY WARRANTY, EITHER IMPLIED OR EXPRESS, OF MERCHANTABILITY OR
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE ACCURACY,
TIMELINESS, COMPLETENESS, RELIABILITY, OR AVAILABILITY OF DATA, APPLICATIONS, OR
SERVICES ACCESSIBLE THROUGH OR MADE AVAILABLE BY OUR LAB.

LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

TO THE EXTENT ALLOWED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL THE INTERNET INTELLIGENCE LAB AT
GEORGIA TECH AND GEORGIA TECH OR THE GEORGIA TECH RESEARCH CORPORATION BE LIABLE
TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL
OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, ARISING FROM YOUR USE OF THE DATA.

If You have any questions about the data or about this Public Agreement, please
email inetintel@cc.gatech.edu .
